Refactor SafeMath to avoid memory leaks (#2462)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: CHANGELOG.md

 * `ERC20Permit`: added an implementation of the ERC20 permit extension for gasless token approvals. ([#2237](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/2237))
 * Presets: added token presets with preminted fixed supply `ERC20PresetFixedSupply` and `ERC777PresetFixedSupply`. ([#2399](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/2399))
 * `Address`: added `functionDelegateCall`, similar to the existing `functionCall`. ([#2333](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/2333))
 * `Context`: moved from `contracts/GSN` to `contracts/utils`. ([#2453](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/2453))
 * `PaymentSplitter`: replace usage of `.transfer()` with `Address.sendValue` for improved compatibility with smart wallets. ([#2455](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/2455))
 * `UpgradeableProxy`: bubble revert reasons from initialization calls. ([#2454](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/2454))

>  * `SafeMath`: fix a memory allocation issue by adding new `SafeMath.tryXXX(uint,uint)→(bool,uint)` function. `SafeMath.XXX(uint,uint,string)→(uint)` are not deprecated. ([#2462](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/2462))

Reviewer: "XXX" is a little weird. :sweat_smile: 

```suggestion
 * `SafeMath`: fix a memory allocation issue by adding new `SafeMath.tryOp(uint,uint)→(bool,uint)` functions. `SafeMath.op(uint,uint,string)→uint` are now deprecated. ([#2462](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/2462))
```

>  * `EnumerableMap`: fix a memory allocation issue by adding new `EnumerableMap.tryGet(uint)→(bool,address)` function. `SafeMath.get(uint)→(string)` is now deprecated. ([#2462](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/2462))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `EnumerableMap`: fix a memory allocation issue by adding new `EnumerableMap.tryGet(uint)→(bool,address)` functions. `EnumerableMap.get(uint)→string` is now deprecated. ([#2462](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/2462))
```
